Update contributing docs for new feature ideas (#19428)
django/django: docs/internals/contributing/bugs-and-features.txt

    not public. For further details, please see :doc:`our security
    policies </internals/security>`.

.. _reporting-bugs:

Reporting bugs
==============

Before reporting a bug on the
`ticket tracker <https://code.djangoproject.com/>`_ consider these points:

> * Check that someone hasn't already filed the bug request by `searching`_ or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Check that someone hasn't already filed the bug report by `searching`_ or
```

    not public. For further details, please see :doc:`our security
    policies </internals/security>`.

Otherwise, before reporting a bug on the
`ticket tracker <https://code.djangoproject.com/>`_, or a new feature on the
`new feature ideas tracker <https://github.com/orgs/django/projects/24/>`_

> consider these points:

Reviewer 2: I think the points that come after are very Trac specific, you might want to update them for the new feature ideas tracker to make sense

We're always trying to make Django better, and your feature requests are a key
part of that. Here are some tips on how to make a request most effectively:

* Be aware that your feature may not require changes in Django's core. If your
  idea can be developed as an independent application or module — for
  instance, you want to support another database engine — we'll probably
  suggest that you develop it independently. Then, if your project gathers
  sufficient community support, we may consider it for inclusion in Django.

* First request the feature on the `new feature ideas tracker`_, not in the

>   ticket tracker. This is where the community and Steering Council evaluate

Reviewer 3: We should add a link here for Steering Council to https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/internals/organization/#steering-council

>   ticket tracker. This is where the community and Steering Council evaluate
>   whether we want to include features in core or encourage the creation of a
>   third party package. This is even more important for large-scale feature
>   requests. We like to discuss any big changes to Django's core before actually
>   working on them.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  ticket tracker. This is where the community and Steering Council evaluate
  features for the Django eco-system. This is especially important for large-scale feature
  requests. We like to discuss any big changes to Django's core before actually
  working on them. We may also decide that a feature is best as a third-party
  package where it can be implemented outside of Django core's release cycle.
```

I think we should clarify that it's evaluating features as a whole rather than whether it's core or third-party. I adjusted some of the language as well, but I'm not tied to my suggestions. I eyeballed the line lengths, so that will need to be reformatted as well.

>   ticket tracker. This is where the community and Steering Council evaluate
>   whether we want to include features in core or encourage the creation of a
>   third party package. This is even more important for large-scale feature
>   requests. We like to discuss any big changes to Django's core before actually
>   working on them.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  ticket tracker. This is where the community and Steering Council evaluate
  features for the Django eco-system. This is especially important for large-scale feature
  requests. We like to discuss any big changes to Django's core before actually
  working on them. We may also decide that a feature is best as a third-party
  package where it can be implemented outside of Django core's release cycle.
```

I think we should clarify that it's evaluating features as a whole rather than whether it's core or third-party. I adjusted some of the language as well, but I'm not tied to my suggestions. I eyeballed the line lengths, so that will need to be reformatted as well.

How we make decisions
=====================

Whenever possible, we strive for a rough consensus. To that end, we'll often
have informal votes on the Django Forum about a feature. In these votes we
follow the voting style invented by Apache and used on Python itself, where
votes are given as +1, +0, -0, or -1.
Roughly translated, these votes mean:

* +1: "I love the idea and I'm strongly committed to it."

* +0: "Sounds OK to me."

* -0: "I'm not thrilled, but I won't stand in the way."

* -1: "I strongly disagree and would be very unhappy to see the idea turn

>   into reality."

Reviewer 2: I wonder if we lose something by removing this
It's certainly existed in other (historic) discussions and might still be used when someone summaries their opinion

* In progress
* Working solution - Review - Feedback
* Needs maintainer (Django only)

> * Done

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Done

Occasionally, some discussions around feature ideas or the direction of Django
will occur on the Django Forum. These discussions may have informal votes. In these votes we
follow the voting style invented by Apache and used on Python itself, where
votes are given as +1, +0, -0, or -1.
Roughly translated, these votes mean:

* +1: "I love the idea and I'm strongly committed to it."

* +0: "Sounds OK to me."

* -0: "I'm not thrilled, but I won't stand in the way."

* -1: "I strongly disagree and would be very unhappy to see the idea turn
  into reality."
  
Although these votes are informal, they'll be taken very seriously. After a
suitable voting period, if an obvious consensus arises we'll follow the votes.
```

@sarahboyce would this address your concern about losing this context from [here](https://github.com/django/django/pull/19428/files#r2079953384)?

Reviewer 2: Yes :+1:

How we make decisions
=====================

Whenever possible, we strive for a rough consensus. To that end, we use emoji
reactions to track the community response to a new feature idea.
We give these meanings to these reactions:

* 👍: This is something I would use
* 👎: This is something that would cause problems for me or Django
* 😕: I’m indifferent to this
* 🎉: This is an easy win

The Steering Council will regularly review the idea tracker and move ideas with
community approval through the different stages of implementation:

* Idea
* Approved - Idea refinement - Team creation
* In progress
* Working solution - Review - Feedback
* Needs maintainer (Django only)

> * Done

Reviewer 3: I think we need sort out the differences between the flow chart and the kanban board

Reviewer 4: Yes, but maybe that can happen in a follow-up PR? I'd prefer to get this landed sooner than later.

Reviewer 3: Alright, that's fair.

* -1: "I strongly disagree and would be very unhappy to see the idea turn
  into reality."

>   

Reviewer: some whitespace to remove
